Have two bananas
Don't starve to death
If you like to eat or not, you deserve to starve to death
You're going to hell
Why did I send this person here before he came?
Mr. Sun has already paid you
Talk about the rest for yourself
Here you go.
These two look okay, right?
Sister, just leave the rest to us.
We've got in touch with the people over there. Okay.
I'll take a break with you.
Get me some dry wine, right?
You two go up and escort the car, hurry up and hit the road
The people from Xuntian Temple on the other side of the border are already being mobilized.
Send them both away quickly
Prime Minister, our spies have the latest information
A daughter of Jin was forced to walk towards the border
The state of Jin is frantically searching for hahaha
This is a godsend.
Okay, let's use all our hands
Find Wu Jingguang's daughter first
If you don't believe it, he will give up